OSDOCS#18204: Note to disable signature mirroring for third party catalogs (#105896)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-mirror-signature-mirroring.adoc

* Additional images
* Helm charts

[IMPORTANT]
====

> When mirroring content from the certified, marketplace, or community catalogs, you must disable signature mirroring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When mirroring content from the certified, marketplace, or community catalogs, Red Hat does not guarantee signatures since content comes from third-parties. Please disable signature mirroring for these catalogs by using `--remove-signatures` or by providing a custom config to registries.d directory (For more details, see the [containers-registries.d(5)](https://github.com/containers/container-libs/blob/main/image/docs/containers-registries.d.5.md) manual).
```

====

[NOTE]
====

> If you do not provide a configuration file, the oc-mirror plugin v2 enables signature mirroring for all images. To specify a custom configuration directory, use the `--registries.d` flag. For more details, see the link:https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-registries.d.5.md[`containers-registries.d(5)`] manual.

Reviewer: We need to update our documentation the link for `containers-registries.d(5)` to https://github.com/containers/container-libs/blob/main/image/docs/containers-registries.d.5.md
